based on analysis
while import for 30 days it is good
knows
such a command as it makes them
except as for natalya
Grigorievna
with little
experiments for five years
after all it was set
employment center specialists
evacuated district of the northern capital
seas
and not only cut by 20
that's why
last year bottles
well so on
start
I am pleased with the guys
broadcast
enough
and here is the can
led to ry
received from the center of the country because u
Russia
still tales were present
advisor that is he release first
guest workers
three pucks
tukay whom hands
the details
if frost have
I.N.
get promise
allow with
real terms
that is, we do not go on this issue
left
interest
one more imf and ec protest
Russian government does not support
main reason
expect to get an advantage
but